# Ermac

Ermac is an entity composed of legions of dead souls created by Shang Tsung, most likely out of souls he had previously taken; because of this, Ermac refers to himself in the plural form. Ermac served as one of Shao Kahn's greatest warriors, taking even more souls for his collection, and stays secretively in the shadows of the last Earthrealm Mortal Kombat tournament, which Liu Kang won. He is also noted for participating in the invasion of Earthrealm. On one mission for Shao Kahn in the Netherrealm, Ermac becomes acquainted with Shujinko. However, after Shao Kahn's defeat and subsequent loss of power, Ermac remains under Kahn's control and wanders Outworld without instructions. During the events of MK: Deadly Alliance, Kenshi finds the wandering Ermac and frees him from Kahn's control. Ermac's newfound freedom enables him to choose his own destiny, and he decides to repent for his earlier ways and become a force for good. After making this decision, Ermac meets Liu Kang, who is not only in need of another ally, but also of assistance in freeing his enslaved comrades. Seizing the opportunity to atone for the evil he committed in Kahn's name, Ermac helps Liu Kang, and the pair successfully free Liu's allies from Onaga's control. In his ending in Mortal Kombat: Deception, Shujinko describes Ermac as being capable of battling all five by himself with relative ease. MK 2011 reveals that one of the souls within him is of King Jerrod, Sindel's husband and Kitana's father.

Ermac is also a byte coded javascript virtual machine.